LRA should by default be adding RESTEasy Reactive (#53922)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/lra.adoc

</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
    <artifactId>quarkus-rest-jackson</artifactId>
</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
    <artifactId>quarkus-rest-client</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

[source,gradle,role="secondary asciidoc-tabs-target-sync-gradle"]
.build.gradle
----
implementation("io.quarkus:quarkus-narayana-lra")
implementation("io.quarkus:quarkus-rest-jackson")
implementation("io.quarkus:quarkus-rest-client")
----

NOTE: `quarkus-narayana-lra` requires a server Jakarta REST implementation and a REST Client implementation.

> When creating a new project, `quarkus-rest-jackson` (RESTEasy Reactive) and `quarkus-rest-client` are added by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new project, `quarkus-rest-jackson` (Quarkus REST) and `quarkus-rest-client` are added by default (when the new project is generated with codestarts enabled).
```

Author: as you mentioned the tooling is always enabled, +1 to double check this is aligned to the codestart intentions (https://quarkus.io/guides/extension-codestart)

Reviewer: yes, I noticed that when testing this PR. To me it was surprising and `type: tooling` is not used outside of the build-relevant extensions. So I'm really not sure if it should be used here. cc/ @gsmet

> If you prefer RESTEasy Classic, replace them with `quarkus-resteasy-jackson` and `quarkus-resteasy-client-jackson`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer RESTEasy Classic, replace them with `quarkus-resteasy-jackson` and `quarkus-resteasy-client`.
```

I suppose but I didn't test.

Author: You are right, I kept the jackson one like it was in the guide but I agree that is not necessary
